********************************************************************************
This model assumes that parents optimise on child quality and child quality
based on expected labour market returns over the life of the child.  This is
semi-altruistic behaviour on the part of the parent.  This is a structural
model explaining, in micro-terms, why quality and quantity jointly enter a 
parent's utility function.

Quantity is measured in terms of number of children.  Quality is measured in 
terms of years of education and how a parent perceives that a student performs
relative to his or her cohort.  The parent invests in quality/quantity and other 
goods.  What's more, parents are allowed to invest differentially in children.  

This is a dynamic model.  Parents observe their child's quality at each point
in time and optimally determine how much to invest based on this and the
prevailing returns to quality and quantity in the labour market.  The 
uncertainty in the model comes from (a) uncertainty regarding how the child's
quality evolves over life (depending upon, among other things, whether the
child keeps advancing in school), and (b) the future returns in the labour
market.  It is assumed that parents gather their signal for returns to quantity 
and quality based on current returns, and that this is expected to follow a 
Markov process.  There is also uncertainty regarding the survival prospects of
the child, which depend upon his or her expected work type.

We estimate this model in the context of a labour market with high rates of 
risky jobs depending upon the geographic location of the family.  This implies
that families in certain areas will optimally invest more in quantity and less
in quality if they expect that in this area there is a higher chance that 
children will enter risky, low-return jobs.
